As you come in, let us know where you're from. Where are you from today?
We're going to pray for people tonight right off the bat for people's blood pressure.
There have been requests from people saying, 'Hey, I need prayer tonight.
I'm feeling my blood pressure is too high and not feeling good.'So, we're going to pray for them.
I believe that Jesus paid the price for all of us to walk in victory over sickness and disease. It doesn't matter what it is.
If you've got a toe that's hurting or you've got a diagnosis that says you have only days to live, Jesus Christ paid the price for you to walk in victory over sickness and disease.
So, we're just going to start off right now and pray for whatever you have in your body that you're believing God for.
You may be believing for blood pressure, like I had a request for blood pressure and feeling weak.
So we're going to pray for that right off the bat. We're going to pray for your healing, for your deliverance, for whatever you need in your body.
Jesus Christ, by his stripes, we're healed. Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And if he healed the sick back then, he's healing the sick today.
I believe that as he is, so are we in this world, and as it is in heaven.
I believe that healing is in heaven and there are no sick people in heaven. So on earth as it is in heaven.
I believe if we're walking in heaven on earth, there is no room for the devil to put afflictions on our bodies.
We'll have wisdom on how to take care of ourselves by eating right and exercise and doing our part, following what we need to do.
But then I believe there's a supernatural on our natural. So, Father, I just thank you, Lord, for every person who is represented here tonight.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness over their bodies in the name of Jesus.
We call healing over blood pressure. Satan, take your hands off of our blood pressure.
We call healing over our blood pressure. We call healing over our blood.
We call healing over our hearts and the valves of our hearts. We call healing over us in the name of Jesus.
We call healing over our livers, over our pancreases, over our brains, or whatever it may be.
Lord, we thank you, Lord, that you are the God that healeth thee.
You are the Lord our healer. And we believe that by your stripes we're healed.
And we thank you, Lord, that tonight as we are worshipping you, as we're pressing in, we're seeking you, God.
We thank you, Lord, that you are our great physician, and you have already done it.
When you said it was done, it was finished on the cross. Everything you set out to do was done.
It was finished. You took sickness. You took it all for us. And Father, we know we don't need to bear what you took in your body.
You took it all. And we thank you, Lord. Jesus paid the whole price for me.
Sickness, disease, poverty, lack, and sin, he took it all for us.
And we receive it right now in the name of Jesus by faith. We receive healing over our bodies in the name of Jesus.
And I believe it for me, too. My nose, everything. I believe it.
Do you believe it? We're believing believers. We're not doubters.
We're overcomers by the blood of the lamb and by the word of our testimony.
And I believe that tonight for you, for me, for your families, for all that are needing healing in their bodies.
Receive it now in Jesus'name. So I believe with you. All right.
Well, good evening, family. Thank you for joining us tonight.
And we're so grateful for every single one of you that are already here.
We have over 2,000. But Braden has something really good for you tonight.
He's already showed me some of the things that he had and he said, 'Daddy, I want to show these news articles and what's going on.'So, I want him to go ahead and get started and I will interrupt every once in a while and interject what the Lord is showing me concerning it.
So, yesterday we were praying and we saw Benjamin Netanyahu. If I mess up his name, I apologize.
I saw him saying, 'We are a sovereign nation.'This happened last night about 10 o'clock.
I heard him say to President Trump, 'We are a sovereign nation and we will act alone if we need to.'Do you have it ready?
The clip of you saying it? Yeah, you can play it if you want. You can play my clip if you want.
Which one do you want to go first? You want me to explain it or do you...
You can keep his name. Okay. Sovereign nation. We are a sovereign nation and we will act alone if we need to.
And he was not satisfied in the vision last night of what was in the mountain.
He said, 'We want what's in the mountain and it's enriched dust, the stuff that makes nuclear weapons.'And he said, 'We will not be satisfied with just anything.
We will act alone with or without you, the United States.'And I heard him do this, and when I saw this in the spirit, I saw that he did it.
He went at them alone. And then I saw in the spirit what was called a great betrayal.
I saw the beginning phases of Ezekiel 38 and 39. And they called this a great betrayal.
I heard it in the news articles. I saw it in the news articles.
There was an escalation of things coming with Israel and Benjamin acting alone.
And the Lord showed me... Hey, will you turn down that fan? I'm cold and that's a big deal for me to say that.
Thank you, son. My helper. I'm telling you what, I appreciate that boy.
He is a hardworking kid. I'm very thankful for Braden. So I saw Benjamin acting alone.
Then what did we see? He would strike the mountain. I saw the mountain would glow in the dark.
I said, 'What you will see is not the United States doing this.'I've told you this a lot of times.
I said, 'I've seen in the spirit that Israel will strike Iran in the days ahead alone and there will be great anti-Semitism across the land.
I saw great pressure on Jewish communities coming and that people would flee New York and areas in America and people like John Hagee would fund them going home to Israel.
When they get there, I saw them occupying Gaza, occupying places of settlement, saying, 'Listen, we're going to give you part of that land.'And I saw people from the Israeli people—Jews that were going home out of great persecution in the days ahead.
I saw great anti-Semitism coming when Israel strikes alone.
This is what I saw. Now, can I miss it? Yes. But I saw this and I saw them striking oil wells. I saw them striking things.
And people say, 'Brandon, do you still see oil going to $200 a barrel?'I haven't seen it recently.
So I don't know. Prayer changes things. I believe with all my heart. I saw Israel. I saw all this that's going on.
But when you see in part and you hear in part, I don't know where I'm seeing and what part I'm seeing and what part I'm hearing.
All I know is that there's an escalation. And I saw Israel acting alone.
But when this happened, I saw the hook in the jaw. I saw Russia.
I saw Turkey rise up with Syria. I saw a wounded brother coming in the days ahead with Syria.
And I saw Turkey coming to the aid of Syria. And I saw Damascus becoming a ruinous heap.
I saw chemical weapons being used against Israel in the middle of the night on like an October attack.
And the Lord said, 'You must pray for the people, the innocent civilians, the bystanders in these areas.'I saw people that had boils and stuff all over their bodies and they were in convulsing pain as they died—not instantaneously but after a couple minutes of a very bad death.
It was terrible to the point where I saw their backbone breaking and convulsing.
Now, I don't know, it's like Hollywood, but it was a very gruesome death what I saw.
The Lord said, 'Pray for this.'I saw this coming. I saw an escalation.
I saw Ezekiel 38 and 39. The Lord said, 'Ezekiel 38 and 39 is at your door.
You don't even realize it; it's coming.'All I know is when I hear Sister Billie and them talk about Ezekiel 38 and 39, that means the Rapture is getting really close.
Jesus is coming. People say, 'Well, Brandon, do you believe we're going to see George get to 17 or 18 years old?'I don't know.
I see a vision of what I'm telling you. That could be the Tribulation.
I don't know when I'm seeing it; I see George in the kingdom and there is something about the end times, but it was in the Tribulation.
Everything Brad and I talk about all the time are visions the Lord gave to me and I said, 'I see him helping and being a forerunner, talking about the Antichrist and the little boy, George.'Go ahead and let's hear today after what we saw.
We saw the Bay of Pigs. Now, excuse my ignorance, but I don't know what the Bay of Pigs is; I didn't even have a clue.
My son and my wife explained it to me. I saw JFK's face. I saw JFK. I saw things that were held in secret.
I saw rooms that had bulbs in them that had bars on the windows, and they were taking Latino men with -looking skin.
They were torturing these men with chemical and psychological warfare.
These men were tortured greatly in a room; there were a lot of them.
I could see them and they would bring them in and use their bodies for experiments and torture.
I saw files and I saw a fox in what I call the Bay of Pigs on the island of Cuba.
This fox was looking at me as I was praying last night. But it was not a small fox; it was a big fox.
The fox looked very big; his face was very bushy. He had a hat on and he was looking at me as I was praying last night.
I saw a witch with a top hat that looked like a skeleton man. The Lord said, 'This is voodoo.'He had a top hat and I could see the skeleton man. It was symbolic of some kind of witchcraft on Cuba.
It was a thin layer, but the Lord said, 'I'm dealing with this.'He was lifting that darkness off of it, and a great shaking is coming to Cuba.
The Lord said, 'A major revival is coming; I'm going to liberate the people.'As I saw old loose ends being figured out, Trump was ready to move away from the Iran conflict and move to Cuba.
This was not something that would last a long time. But I saw that he would go into Cuba and liberate them quickly and Rubio would help and lead the charge, helping the Cuban people. It was personal.
And the Lord said specifically, 'Pray for Marco Rubio in the days ahead for wisdom on how to handle this, for he will slay his tens of thousands and Saul will slay his thousands.'And that was JD Vance.
I saw Rubio rise up with great favor with Latinos and the Cuban people and wealth and prosperity come to Cuba with the liberation.
People were not fighting it; they were excited and wanted to be free. I didn't see a lot of resistance. I saw pirates.
The Lord said, 'Pirates in the Bay of Pigs.'I saw them taking evidence of things that they had from the past and hiding it and getting rid of it.
I saw these people knew a liberation was coming, so they were getting rid of damning evidence, incriminating evidence against them for trials that are coming.
I saw trials being held for people that were a part of this ongoing conflict.
I saw certain entities of the United States government involved, and the Lord said, 'Don't say that,'so I left it alone.
I saw a Kennedy and the Lord said specifically, 'Look at Trump with Kennedy.'I heard old alliances with Russia and I saw patches of stars on shoulders.
I don't know what that was all about, but as I saw it, I saw a major event about to take place in Cuba with a shaking over the nation and it would be symbolic as earthquakes shake Cuba.
The Lord said this last night, 'Earthquakes will shake Cuba, even in the middle of the island.'This will be symbolic of a liberation that is coming to the Cuban people.
For what is happening in the spirit is happening in the natural and a shaking to awaken is coming to the Cuban people. That's what I saw last night in the spirit.
The Lord said, 'Pray for President Trump, for the Kennedy curse to be broken, to pray for him, to pray for his health, for his body, to pray for him to make it all the way across—the blessing for our nation and the things ahead.'I saw pink currency again.
I saw crypto. I saw the Clarity Act, praying for clarity. And then today I saw blockages trying to combat it—JP Morgan and other bankers trying to lobby against the Clarity Act.
I saw them trying to throw in a Hail Mary play to disrupt the vote in the Senate to derail it by lobbying. I don't understand it; this is the word I hear.
They are lobbying against the Clarity Act with certain senators that were Democrats and trying to lobby against it with the Republicans.
The Lord said, 'A lobbying, a lobbying; pray.'I was praying in the Spirit before I did this broadcast and the Lord said they're trying to derail the Clarity Act.
Pray for clarity to come to pass. This is part of the wealth transfer.
It's not the whole thing; the Lord said there'll be multi-avenues of how he brings the wealth of the wicked laid up for the righteous.
So whatever the Lord's telling you—a creative idea, an invention, a book, buying a piece of property—I know the Lord said he's going to bring it to the people to pay off churches, to get school buses to transport people for the revival.
I saw people who were believing for buses and vans that needed transportation to go into the inner cities and bring these people into revivals.
The Lord said he was going to provide for you. As the cloud goes, you follow the glory cloud.
I had Diana reading this book last night about praying into the glory and the travail and the intercession that is going to go forth for this major outpouring of the Spirit of God on all flesh like we've never seen before.
What we're going to see—Joel Chapter 2 and the Book of Acts—unfold in this generation.
He's going to pour it out on all flesh in a greater capacity. You haven't seen nothing yet compared to what God is about to do in this generation.
He's going after the lost, and you're going to see a harvest of souls.
Why not both? Can you not believe God for bigger in your life? Why do you have to think so small?
God is a big God and he wants no man to perish but all to come to repentance.
There are so many people that have such a small-minded mentality that think, "Well, God's only going to move after the rapture of the church, or this or that, or when the tribulation starts and people are all dying and all this stuff."No, I'm telling you, I believe we're going to see it rain.
The Holy Ghost outpouring is a rain, and you need to get your umbrella out.
I'm going to stand in it. I'll just be out there playing in it because there's a rain coming.
Those are people who are resistant, people who have a raincoat and an umbrella.
I'm not resisting it; I'm going to get saturated. So, I want you to see now what we saw.
I'm giving you highlights of last night. Now, here's Braden's part.
What did Israel say today? Benjamin, read, do you have your microphone on? "Trump's agreement does not bind us.
We are not partners to it."That's what Israel said exactly what we saw last night.
They're not happy; they are sovereign and said they'll act alone.
So, the word that we saw is coming to pass. He said, "We killed Hamas's leader and virtually all of them.
I think there's still one left; he too will be killed."He's going after these people. He said, "I do not agree with Trump.
Therefore, Israel will do whatever it takes to maintain its own security."Let me show the articles real quick because they went away.
Trump's agreement does not bind us; we are not partners to it. He was saying they're going after the people still.
What we saw last night is manifesting less than 24 hours later.
It's an acceleration; prophetic words are happening in real time.
The Lord said, "You'll say what's on the news and people will come."It's on the news today.
The army is attempting to advance tonight in several sectors in Southern Lebanon, making progression attempts toward Baraka and other locations.
Israel's shelling also targets Southern Lebanon. He's defying what Trump said he wanted him to do, just like the Lord said he would, acting alone.
There will be anti-Semitism; there's a major event about to take place. This is what the Lord showed us. It's happening.
I said, "Benjamin, I'm going to act alone."Then they'll call this a "Great Betrayal"for what happens next.
This is what I saw in the spirit. Trump was saying that Iran has agreed to never have a nuclear weapon.
Also, the story that the US is paying Iran $300 million is fake news put out by the Democrats.
President Donald J. Trump says it's fake news; we're not giving them $300 million.
I'm just saying there's something more to it; rumors come from somewhere. Maybe they're just being strife makers.
Germany's chancellor—Russia said Germany seems to be showing Nazi instincts again.
I told you they would start having witchcraft things with the Pergamon Altar.
There are things attached to the Pergamon Altar and Germany.
Russia is saying they're acting like that again. I saw them calling forth the Hitler spirit by witchcraft.
I saw a swastika coming up out of Berlin that went across Europe like a Batman signal.
This is what's going to happen; they're going to call it the Hitler spirit again over Europe.
A darkness went out, and I saw World War II. Russia is part of that. Look at the headlines.
German Chancellor Merz recently said that making any concessions to Russia on the Ukrainian track would be tantamount to pacifying Hitler.
They continue to ramp up their military projects with Ukrainians.
Germany's Minister of Foreign Affairs stated that the German military will boost the exchange of experience with Ukraine's armed forces, basically with neo-Nazis.
Germany seems to be getting rid of mosques and is showing Nazi instincts again. This one he showed me earlier.
He said, "Daddy, do you remember I saw Gavin rising up to be the President of the United States?"As he finished in California, he slithered on his belly like a serpent with a forked tongue.
He was going from California to Washington, D.C., rising up.
I saw Booker coming beside him to try to run as the Democratic nomination for president against Rubio and others.
This is Gavin Newsom, and he is a nuisance. I saw him with a purple cloak on; it was the Illuminati.
There was grooming with Satan behind him, a wall, and the sacrificing of innocent babies through abortion.
That was attached to the spirit of Molech to give strength to this spirit by giving a sacrifice of innocent blood. Listen to what happened today.
Federal agents have knocked on doors not because they found a crime, but because they're simply trying to find one.
Donald Trump isn't just coming after me because of my tweets; he's coming after me because I'm considering running for president.
He's the most corrupt president in American history, turning government into his own personal power ministries to reward cronies and jail his opponents.
His personal attorney now runs the Department of Justice, which has repeatedly gone after his political enemies.
Ask Jerome Powell. He sent them after James Comey, Tish James, and Adam Schiff.
He sent them after Tim Walz and a woman that a jury found Donald Trump had sexually abused.
One by one, anyone who has challenged Donald Trump has ended up on his hit list. And today, I proudly join that list.
After calling for my arrest last year, Donald Trump directed his Department of Justice to investigate me.
And just in the last week, I've learned that his campaign has reached my own home to get me.
He's coming after my wife, Jen, a public servant, a woman who's dedicated her life to supporting women and girls.
Someone who has done nothing wrong other than having the temerity to advocate for what she believes in.
If they can't intimidate me, they'll go after the mother of our children.
Donald Trump picked the wrong target. We have nothing to hide.
His political operatives can take every record and read every page, but they'll be looking in the wrong place.
Because if they really want to find corruption, look no further than 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. Donald Trump is selling the presidency.
He's running the largest cash heist in American political history, trading foreign tariff relief for approval of his golf courses, day trading behind the Resolute desk, reaping hundreds of millions of dollars in personal profit.
And he's doing it openly. He's doing it on camera. He did it last night on the White House lawn. He's doing it through cryptocurrencies.
He's doing it through the receipt of a $400 million private jet from a foreign government that he plans to keep when he leaves office through his son's ventures in countries where his own administration is simultaneously making policy.
His personal fortune has skyrocketed by $4 billion since making his return to office. This is the behavior of a regime, not a republic.
The White House has become a marketplace, a marketplace for sneakers and coins and watches, cologne, guitars, Bibles and phones—influence for sale, access for sale.
And today, my family and I can personally confirm that justice is for sale.
To Donald Trump, who I know is watching because he watches everything, I have a message for you.
You can subpoena my records. You can investigate me. You can harass me.
Put my name on every and any enemies list you have. But leave my wife and family out of your personal vendetta.
I'd like to say something to my wife: These times are not normal.
They're not ordinary. I love you and I'm sorry he's doing this.
You have not earned a single one of the indignities that he's trying to inflict on you and our children.
And to Donald Trump, this country... I can't listen to him no more. He makes—I'm telling you, the man's bad.
And that's basically him throwing his hat in the ring, telling you he's running for president in 2028. Just telling you.
And now you'll hear that snake start to slither as it's getting so close to his time to be up over California.
And he will slither like a snake. And the Lord said, 'You'll see this.'And I saw him have a cloak on.
Now, as they went through President Trump's wife, the First Lady's underwear drawer back when the FBI raided their house at Mar-a-Lago, and went through Barron's private stuff and all her stuff and looked at all her underwear and everything—I, you know, was it personal against his wife?
I don't know. I just think it's interesting, the two-sided 'don't touch my family, but you touched his.'You went after his kids.
And so, a tit for tat, we'll see what happens with this. But I think it's interesting where we are and where the Lord told us we would be concerning 2028.
And I told you, watch this man. I've told you even last time when I saw it before Trump won, I said, 'I see Gavin.
I see Gavin's face.'And we have the videos to prove it. I'm telling you, Gavin will run.
I see Gavin. And who is the person I saw run by Gavin? Michelle.
No, Michelle Obama. I saw Michelle standing next to him. I saw her being a major voice piece with him.
Now, supposedly the Obamas are getting a divorce. So, I don't know.
We'll see what happens with this. I saw like an advocate with him, talking with him.
So, we'll see in the days ahead what happens. Kind of interesting.
Now, I saw the money that was sent to Ukraine was in secret bank accounts.
I saw $24 billion that was being distributed into crooked politician accounts and funneled back into America for elections.
And I said in the days ahead—I saw this back a while ago. If anybody's been following my channel, can you tell them in the comment section below how many times the Lord showed us this?
I said there's crooked banks with Ukrainian our tax dollars funding campaigns.
And I saw $24 billion went into these accounts. And I said they went into Swiss accounts. And I said they went into some places in South Africa.
They went to certain places that I saw this money being funneled by tens of millions of dollars into each crooked politician, Republican and Democrat.
Watch. And then I said, 'Watch what happens.'We're paying for this with our money and it's not going to war.
There's no accountability to the money that has been sent in aid to Ukraine.
And I saw it going into bank accounts and it went like wires, like Indiana Jones. I saw it like those arrows coming out.
I could see them going and I saw certain politicians that had a bunch of money in it.
Right now, listen to what happened today. But we're going to cover one thing we broke overnight.
A lot of you probably heard about it over the course of the day.
The United States government, the National Security Agency, intercepted conversations of President Zelenskyy's government in Ukraine in 2022, late 2022, conspiring with federal workers at USAID to come up with a plan to take $200 million of USAID money—that is your money, folks, taxpayer money—route it through a series of transactions, move it into the United States, and launder it into Joe Biden's 2024 campaign and the Democratic National Committee.
We have the intercepts for the first time. Tulsi Gabbard's team was willing to declassify them.
There is now an investigation underway beginning with USAID to look at who was involved, whether any crimes were committed, and if that is the case to refer that to the FBI in the next few days.
Those declassified documents are up at JustTheNews.com. You can go check about it today.
Members of Congress have been clamoring all day to get their hands on the documents.
I expect Tulsi Gabbard to make a statement later tonight on where things are evolving in her investigation.
But we've gone from the era of weaponization where the primary tool was using prosecutors and FBI agents to disable Donald Trump and his followers and all the good people around him to now potentially conspiring with foreign powers to have an impact on our elections.
We had the Ukraine stuff this morning and remember what we told you three weeks ago—proof from the FBI that China sent tens of thousands of driver's licenses to the United States with fake names to get fake ballots to vote for Joe Biden in the 2020 election.
Those aren't my words. Those are the words of the FBI informant in the FBI documents that we made public a few months ago.
So, China possibly conspiring with Joe Biden and the Democrats and now possibly Ukraine.
Two investigations underway. We're going to keep you apprised of that right now.
That's pretty accurate. 200 million. Where's the rest of it? I saw billions. It was billions.
I saw the number 24 billion altogether with the fraud, and I saw $100 bills.
I saw Zelenskyy snorting cocaine. And there were prostitutes around him.
And I saw him doing things that were very ungodly with our money.
Go ahead. The UK is sending 6,000 laser-guided missiles to Ukraine.
Missiles? Yeah, to counter Russian drone attacks. Are those long-range? I don't know.
I was trying to look because I saw things that looked like Tomahawks that would go in and start striking the Kremlin in the days ahead.
That's why we had it on that cartoon that Braden made. I saw missiles that look like Tomahawk missiles in the days ahead striking by the Kremlin.
This is Ukraine. It is Russia striking Ukraine. War is happening.
The Lord said they would attack our 911 infrastructure in the days ahead.
As we were praying a couple of weeks ago, I saw some kind of SIM card scam that would crowd and take down 911, if anybody remembers that.
I said they will use it. And I saw AT&T. I saw cell phones that you would not be able to call 911 and report an emergency.
I said this will happen around the time frame of the 250th anniversary for a great distraction, a great plan of a Red Dawn experience to infiltrate hospitals.
I saw snipers on the tops of roofs with a big Red Cross on them.
It was about the time frame we were praying for the Boston Marathon.
I saw the Red Cross and I saw snipers on there as people were running into these hospitals.
They were shooting the emergency workers, firefighters, and such.
In Miami, praying over this, as I saw them trying to get help, they couldn't get a hold of the 911 operators.
Now today, just in, 911 outages are being reported across several US states with officials urging residents to use alternative emergency numbers.
This is a trial run. Do you understand? This is a trial run. This is a practice run for what I have seen.
What I have seen comes before me all the time: a Red Dawn experience. Not just in America, but in Hawaii and out of the States.
I saw malls with Gucci and Louis Vuitton—nice stores in a rich area—with three men that had guns, AK-47s, and such with backpack things going into a mall.
I have seen lots of things concerning these drones. Praying for the soccer matches in America that are happening right now, the World Cup.
Praying for the parades. Praying for major gatherings. How many times have I said we've got to pray for a parade?
Pray for the 250th anniversary. Pray for our president to make it home safe from France.
He didn't act like he liked Macron very much. So I'm thankful.
At least he can see the man is a snake; he's a mole; he's a bad man.
Trump didn't act like he was excited to be there, but he got off the plane and he's safe.
We're going to keep him safe and get him home safe, and there ain't no weapon formed against him or his family will prosper in the mighty name of Jesus.
Homeland Security, FBI, CIA, all the people—look, he doesn't want to hold his hand. I wouldn't either. Don't touch me.
I'd be like, 'I don't even want to shake your hand.'Look at President Trump's face, like 'I'm forcing myself to do this for a photo op.'I do not want to—who shakes hands like that?
It's like, 'I'm not even going to look at you.'Do it again. I've got to see it again.
It's funny. It's like, 'I don't want to touch this guy. Don't touch me.'I love President Trump.
Father, we thank You for our president. Bless him, Father. Give him wisdom on how to lead this nation and keep his mind humble.
We always give honor and glory to Jesus. We keep ourselves humble before You, Father.
We get them across the finish line. We finish the job at hand.
I talked to a major pastor in an area and we're going to pray for the elections in Minnesota.
We're going to pray for the major elections in Minnesota. We've got to push this through.
We've got to push these elections through for the right candidates and for the people that have brought fraud with the Somalis and all these other areas and these states to keep uncovering this great fraud in California and in these other states with voter fraud with Spencer Pratt, all of it.
I saw a Red Wave. People trying to fight... I said, 'Great voter fraud,'and people were talking about it.
'Well, Brandon, you don't know. You can't prove it. You don't have evidence.'Folks, look at these people.
You know, people get mad. 'You shouldn't be in politics.'Well, if we don't speak up, who will?
If you keep limp-wristed and don't get a backbone like a crowbar, you're going to lose the freedoms that you have.
Somebody has got to stand up and have some guts and say, 'Listen, enough's enough.
You ain't going to cheat to win.'Just have a free, fair election.
Then, if the heart of the people goes that way, then we see where the heart of the people is.
But don't cheat with voter ID and driver's licenses coming from China.
It's ridiculous. And then they don't want to pass the SAVE Act.
Our senators didn't even want to pass it; they went against it and voted not to do it.
Why? What's the big deal? Why can't we have voter ID and don't do mail-in ballots anymore?
If you can't be there to vote, then don't vote. If you're able to go and protest and do the craziness...
I saw a man on the side of the road. This lady had her loudspeaker on.
She had a sign out on the side of the road and she had 'F Trump.'She had all this stuff.
She was screaming—this vile woman, just vile. And this old patriot got out there with his Alex Jones T-shirt on.
I saw him up there and he's getting ready to take her flag down because she had our American flag and she had it upside down, and she was saying all kinds of cuss words.
She had these signs. It's a street in Tulsa, and she pepper-sprays him right in the middle of the intersection.
The old man just fell under, and they sprayed him down with mace.
We stopped. I'm praying because I knew something was about to happen. This old guy got out of his big truck and went down there.
I thought, 'Don't you need to stay in that car?'and sure enough, she pepper-sprayed him.
They had more cops out there. I thought it looked like a 9/11 event.
There were lights everywhere, man. They took him in an ambulance to the hospital.
Oklahoma is a different breed of people up here. You have people that are old and real patriotic, just real diehard Trumpers.
And so you just have trouble on the streets. That's why the Lord said, 'Pray, pray, pray.'I pray peace over my city all the time, Tulsa.
But all right. He's not happy. He doesn't want to be there with those people. Emmanuel Macron is a devil.
And then Mark Carney said—he said, 'Oh, listen to this.'I said, 'Mark Carney with Canada, watch this.'I say he will rise up and start to go with the King of England.
And that scorpion tail reached out for Canada in the days ahead. This was back weeks ago.
I saw a scorpion tail go through England, Australia, and for a new digital currency for a one-world order coming in.
I told you all this was coming. I said, 'Watch Canada and Carney in the days ahead.'Now watch.
As the president mentioned a few weeks ago at the European Political Community in Yerevan, I was honored to attend and I said at that meeting that I believe that the next world order will likely be built out of Europe and Canada will be part of that effort in security.
As the first non-European member to join safe, as the president mentioned, under his leadership, Canada is a key member of the coalition of the willing to support Ukraine in critical minerals, working with minister Luro as a reliable supplier to our core European partners.
So he wants a one-world order, digital ID, digital stuff. It's out of his own mouth.
Now, is this by accident? They took a picture like this. This isn't AI, correct?
No, I don't think so. They took his picture in the hall right next to Kennedy.
And I told you what the Lord keeps telling me about praying for this man.
I'm thinking, is this symbolic? They're trying to put him next to Kennedy like that.
I don't know. They're trying to figure it out. They say it's not AI; it's likely a real photograph.
'The starter, the closer'—what does that mean? Are they talking about Cuba?
Yeah, I think that's what they're trying to hint at. This is somebody's interpretation of what this image meant. So he was saying this is a starter to a closer.
He doesn't think it's a coincidence because they could have taken a picture anywhere, but they took it right next to Kennedy.
He's covered by the blood. All right, keep going. And then there was a 4.9 earthquake.
When did this happen? Today at noon. A shaking is coming to Cuba.
That's not a very big one, but it's still happening right out there.
4.9 earthquake in Havana. Look at that. It's symbolic. I saw shakings coming to Havana.
And the Lord said 62 miles. That's not that far; I bet they felt it.
It's closer to where you showed me the Bay of Pigs, right? On this back side, but it's closer to it.
It seems closer than the last one. I can't verify that, but it seems that way because the last one was over here.
So shaking, shaking, shaking. Yeah, for sure. Amazing. Keep going.
Anything else? Yeah, and then another fireball picture. This is Alabama.
And then they're saying that the UK government clarifies adults will still be able to use social media by verifying identities with digital ID.
So they're going to block Elon Musk and all that now. Just like I said, they're going to come against your First Amendment rights and freedom of speech.
They're going to say it with the kids first, and then they'll start monitoring things and saying you can't say certain things.
Watch what's coming. I saw it all across Canada and Europe. We don't want you saying what you want to say anymore, especially against their agendas.
What's going on with Turkey right there, son? I read you saying that against brother, noted attempts to discord. Interesting. So he's being really vocal lately.
And this crisis, which brought not only our region but the entire world to the brink of disaster—praise be to God, not a single one of us was harmed. I'm curious about what will happen in the days ahead.
With plans that brother against brother did not succeed, attempts to ignite new flames of discord among Turks, Arabs, Kurds, and Persians ended in failure.
It's not over yet. Next. Well, that was good. Lot of hard work. You did great today, B. I enjoyed that.
He's showing that Benny Johnson was showing all the receipts of the fraud.
Oh, go ahead and let them see the fraud. Wow. All right, who wants to pray for a little bit?
How long was that? 55 minutes. Not too bad. It's good. I enjoy that; it's a lot of fun. He tries really hard.
He brings out articles showing you what's in the news every day, the stuff that we filter to show you what we've prayed over.
Some of it we haven't; some of it is just warnings. That was a lot for a day, wasn't it?
Incredible. All the stuff that's happening so quickly. Anything else?
I hear you typing away. No, that's it. You're good. So, Father, we just thank you for the body.
We thank you, Father, for every single person who's representing. How many people are here right now? 7,200.
Father, we lift up this time before you, God, and we thank you, Lord, for healing, wholeness, and wellness.
We take this communion, and we do it as an act of remembrance of what you did for us.
We do it often. I just want to be as close to you as I can be. I want to hear your breath.
I want to hear you breathe. I want to know you. I want to think like you think.
I want to be like what the word says: 'Be ye imitators of God.'Be an imitator of God as dear children imitate their father.
Where's that scripture, son? 'As dear children imitate their father, imitate the Lord.'Be an imitator.
I'm terrible with that. But Father, I thank you, Lord. I'm going to imitate you. I want to be just like you.
Just like when you see your little boy or your daughter say, 'Oh, I want to be just like Dad; I want to be just like my Mama.'Father, I thank you that we can imitate you as children look to their moms and dads.
We look to you. What's the scripture, baby? Ephesians 5:1-2.
'Therefore, be imitators of God as dear children, and walk in love as Christ also has loved us and given himself for us, an offering and a sacrifice to God for a sweet-smelling aroma.'So we just walk in love just like you walk in love.
But Father, we just want to become so close to you and we want to imitate you. We're imitators. We're going to follow after the Lord.
And in these last days, I thank you, Lord, that as he is, so are we in this world.
We're not just children barely getting by, broke, busted, and disgusted.
But Father, we're joint heirs with Jesus Christ, seated with him in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers and might.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the body. And we thank you, Lord, for what you did for us.
And we take this right now in the name of Jesus and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it.
Amen and amen. Thank you, Lord, for the blood. We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us, and we thank you, Lord. It never loses its power. It's never gotten weak.
It's never said, 'Well, it's only enough blood to cover that one, that one, and that one.'It covered all of us once and for all.
It washed away our sins. And I'm so thankful, Father, for what you did for us.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we are washed in that blood.
We make much of the blood today. We thank you, Lord, for it never loses its power.
Now, Father, if there is anything you want to show us tonight, Father, we yield to you, Holy Spirit.
We give you all the glory, honor, and praise. We yield to the anointing of the Holy Ghost, for the prophetic, for the Watcher.
Father, we thank you, Lord. Do we hear you uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force?
We apply the blood of Jesus over us. And we thank you, Lord, for great is your faithfulness to us in the mighty name of Jesus tonight. Amen and amen. Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Pastor Candace and Pastor Chip and Billy and all them come home this week, and I'm excited to hear their testimonies of where they went and what they did.
They'll have pictures, I'm sure. Pastor Candace a lot of times will show pictures of what they did, and it's exciting. You know, I went to that service. I'm curious.
I want to go one time to Israel and see what it's like, but I'm not a person who likes traveling over water, so I don't know.
But yeah, isn't Jesus wonderful? Ready, son? Where's that song?
I like it. Come, Holy Spirit. I need you. Come, sweet Spirit, I pray.
Come in your strength and your power. Come in your own gentle way.
Sing it again. Come, Holy Spirit. I need you. Come, sweet Spirit, I pray.
Come Holy Spirit, I need you. Come, sweet Spirit, I pray. Come in your strength and your power.
Come in your own gentle way. I love it. Holy Spirit, we need you.
Holy Spirit, we need you tonight. We can't do any of this without you anyway.
We attract to deflect to give you all the glory, to give you all the praise.
Oh Father, that we decrease and you always increase. That we stay vertical. We keep our eyes on you, Father. We keep our eyes on you.
Thank you, Father, for bringing us and calling us to this earth for such a time as this.
That we're in the right place at the right time doing exactly what you want us to do.
And we see all the glory of your presence. We, your temple, give you reverence.
So arise to your rest and be blessed by our praise as we glory in your embrace.
As your presence now fills this place, all the glory of your presence, we, your temple, give you reverence.
As your presence now fills this place. Oh Father, oh the glory, all the glory.
I feel them. Holy Spirit, I need you. What's on your heart tonight?
All the glory of your presence, we, your temple, give you reverence.
All arise to rest and be blessed by our praise as we glory in your embrace.
As your presence now fills this place. For sure. All the glory of your presence.
We, your temple, give you reverence. So arise to your rest and be blessed by our praise as we glory in your embrace.
As your presence now fills this place. All the glory of your presence. We, your temple, give you reverence.
So arise to your rest and be blessed by our praise as we glory in your embrace as your presence now fills this place.
All the glory of your presence. We, your temple, give you reverence.
So arise to your rest and be blessed by our praise as we glory in your embrace.
As your presence now fills this place. Father, we thank you.
We thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. For the Lord God Almighty reigns.
Hallelujah. Holy, holy are you, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is the Lamb.
You are holy. Holy are you, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is the Lamb.
You are holy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah for the Lord God Almighty reigns.
Hallelujah. Hallelujah for the Lord God Almighty reigns. Holy, holy are you, Lord God Almighty.
Worthy is the Lamb. Worthy is the Lamb. You are holy. Holy are you, Lord God Almighty.
Worthy is the Lamb. You are holy. Holy are you, Lord God Almighty.
Worthy is the Lamb. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. For the Lord God Almighty reigns.
Hallelujah. Holy, holy are you, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is the Lamb.
You are holy. Holy are you, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is the Lamb.
You are holy. Worthy is the Lamb. Songs of praises singing. Hallelujah is ringing.
Hallelujah. Amen. We worship and adore you. Bowing down before you.
Songs of praises singing. Hallelujah is ringing. Hallelujah.
Amen. We worship and adore you. Bowing down before you. Song of praises singing.
Hallelujah is ringing. There is none like him. You are so worthy.
You are so holy. And there is none like you. There is none like you.
You are holy. For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
We shout it from the mountaintops. We shout it in the valleys.
For if we don't praise you, you say the rocks will cry out and I will not let a rock do my job.
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever. Hallelujah.
Hallelujah for the Lord God Almighty reigns. And hallelujah, holy, holy are you, Lord God Almighty.
Worthy is the Lamb. Oh, Father. I see a whirlwind. The master is here. He comes as a whirlwind. He comes as a flame of fire.
I see these beautiful angels that are covering their faces with their wings. They're guarded. They're guarding these stairs.
There's one on each side of the stairs and they have these massive wings that cover their faces.
For there is none like him. They bow in reverence. Oh, I see the stairs and he's high and lifted up.
The angels bow down before him. Down the stairs. There is none like him.
He's a fire. He looks like a whirlwind, like a fire. I see fire.
And on his right there is an angel with his wings covering his face, and on his left there's a wings and I see the stairs and it's beautiful.
Father, for a glimpse, I'm so thankful. There is none like him.
You know, we worship and adore thee, bowing down before thee.
Songs of praise are singing. Hallelujah is ringing. Hallelujah.
Amen. We worship and adore you, bowing down before you. Songs of praises singing.
Hallelujah is ringing. Hallelujah. Amen. We worship and adore you, bowing down before you.
Songs of praises singing. Hallelujah's ringing. There is none like him.
What could I do to help today, Lord? What could I do? He's talking about Africa.
He's in Africa, son. Africa. He's talking about the Ebola virus that's going on.
We take authority over that virus right now in the name of Jesus.
We command it to cease and desist in your maneuvering over this nation, over this continent.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness over the people that have contracted Ebola.
We say in the name of Jesus, cease and desist in your maneuvering right now.
We call Ebola to die. We call Ebola to cease right now in the name of Jesus.
Ebola, you die in the name of Jesus. We call healing and wholeness and wellness over the people of Africa.
It will not spread anymore. I call the hospitals healed and whole and well.
I call the emergency room healed and whole and well. I call the doctors protected. I call the nurses protected.
I call healing and wholeness and wellness over Africa right now in the name of Jesus, contained, and the ones that have it healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Yes, the sores, the infections, we call healing and wholeness and wellness.
No more fear. I see a rain coming. I see a rain coming over Africa.
I see a rain coming. Hurricane is coming. A rain. I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
A change, a change in this great rain. A change in Egypt. Piracy.
There is Parody S and the plans will go on like they should, the ones with the missionary.
The plans will go on like they open the doors. Favor will flow.
Favor will flow like a river and there'll be provision. Where there was lack, there will be an abundance.
And we call forth the provision. Open the door. No more holding back.
There will be no lack. I see 14. Come. It's time to come. They'll be blessed. Come in the name of Jesus. Open the doors.
All demonic hindrances, we command you to bow your knee in the name of Jesus.
Get out of the way. Open the door. As the Lord said. And the provision will come in an instant.
Get up out of those beds. Get up out of those beds. Worthy is the Lamb.
Holy, holy are you, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is the Lamb. You are holy, holy are you, Lord God Almighty.
Worthy is the Lamb. Mighty, worthy is the Lamb. Get up out of that time.
It's not time for you to die. Get up. It's not time for you to die.
Get up now in Jesus'name. It's not time for you to die. Life, be up.
It's not time for you to die. Go back. Go back. Go back as a testimony.
I hear it as a testimony; you'll hear about it. Go back. They say, "I see fields full of African people.
I see African people and a stage set, and there's a preacher preaching about going back as a testimony."They all knew he died and he went back.
It wasn't time yet. I have much for you to do. It wasn't time yet.
The Lord said, "The day will come and you will see."Then the Lord said to me, "You'll see much more in the days to come of giving an account of what they've seen as they went home too early.
I'm going to bring them back. And I'm going to give great accounts of hell, of what will happen if you don't choose my Son.
If you don't follow Jesus."I see there'll be great accounts of hell in the days to come.
I'm bringing them back as an account to shake and awake Africa. Africa, you will be saved.
I see witch doctors dying and coming back by grace, and they are going to have great influence.
These witch doctors have great influence and they will give an account of how they went to hell, and the Lord's going to bring them back and they're going to get saved.
this. They're going to have a visitation with Jesus. And the day will come.
Hallelujah. Jesus is good. God's a good God and the devil's a bad devil.
Hallelujah. Praying over Africa today. Lord, we thank you.
Go back. That's what he just said: "Go back. It ain't time for you yet.
You've come too early. Go back."That's what he said. Hallelujah.
And the provision will be there. We worship and adore you, bowing down before you.
Songs of praises are singing. Hallelujah is ringing. Amen.
We worship and adore you, bowing down before you. Songs of praises are singing.
Hallelujah is ringing. I see the wells of revival beginning to open.
I see the floodgates beginning to open. All hell is on alert for the great floodgates.
The floodgates are open. Get them, Lord. Get the souls. It's like a big shrimp boat net.
Dredge it. They'll all be free. Let them go. We worship you, Lord.
We worship and adore you, bowing down before you. Songs of praises are singing. Hallelujah is ringing.
There's so many of you that have had these scales on you and it looked like black tar holding you down.
It's time to get a bath. It looked like roofing tar, but you're getting a Holy Ghost bath.
The Holy Spirit is going to flood and wash all that off of you.
The voices that have been so loud, the tormenting spirits that have been bothering you as they're outside yelling at you, they shall be silenced.
Silence your mouth in the name of Jesus. Shut your mouth, you unclean spirit.
Go, you tormenting spirit. Get out of here. He won't bother you no more.
When he tries to come back, you tell him to shut up and get out of here.
Don't allow the enemy to keep speaking in your ear. Fear has torment, but perfect love casts out all fear.
I refuse to fear. I refuse to allow the spirit of fear to dominate my thoughts.
I refuse to listen to unclean spirits. Get out of here in the name of Jesus.
Submit yourself therefore unto God. Resist the devil and he will flee.
You've got to submit to God and resist him. Say, "These aren't trash cans. You aren't putting your trash here.
We're not going to let you put trash in my ears, physical or spiritual."We're going to pray over the Fourth of July.
I see the Sooners again. I see South Korea. It's a big cauldron, like a big dip with water in it.
I see that crypto. But even the dogs get the crumbs from the master's table.
It's just by His grace and by His mercy. You'll remember this.
He's breathing on it. It's the goodness of God that brings man to repentance.
A fresh breath upon grace and mercy. I see him breathing on it and there's a wave of His goodness and His mercy.
What was it when His goodness and mercy passed by Moses? He was hid in the cleft of the rock as His goodness passes by.
Braden, I need the scripture. Okay. And then the Lord said to Moses, "Leave this place.
You will go to the people I brought up from Egypt and go up to the land flowing with milk."And the Lord said, "I will cause my goodness to pass in front of you."Then Moses said, "Now show me your glory."And the Lord said, "I will cause all my goodness to pass in front of you and I will proclaim my name, the Lord, in your presence.
I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy and I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion."His goodness and His mercy are passing before you today.
Show me your glory, Lord. I saw it in the spirit. Show me your glory, Lord.
And the Lord said, "I will cause all my goodness to pass in front of you and I will proclaim my name, the Lord, in your presence, and I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy and I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion."Right then, I heard it.
And it's not that His grace and His mercy had become stagnant, but He is going to breathe on it in this generation.
One last push, one last major harvest, for I will cause my goodness to pass in front of you.
I hear him say, "Lord, show me your glory."And the Lord said, "I will cause my goodness to pass in front of you. I will proclaim my name, the Lord, in your presence.
I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy and I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion."I see the wells of revival beginning to open.
Are you ready? Show me your glory, Lord. I see goodness and I see mercy.
I see His goodness and I see His mercy right now. Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
For I see His goodness and I see His mercy passing by me in the cleft of the rock.
You will see as He brings the bride to His side. Goodness and mercy are following after me.
Watch. I saw Him breathe on it. I can see the Father breathe on it.
Now, show me Your glory. Oh my goodness, son. That is powerful.
I feel the power and the presence and the fire of the Holy Ghost all over me.
Touch these people tonight, Lord. Touch them. Let them see Your goodness and Your mercy pass by one more time.
Touch them, Father, from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet.
And the Lord passed before him and proclaimed, 'The Lord, the Lord God, merciful and gracious, longsuffering, abundant, abounding in goodness and truth.'His goodness, His mercy is abounding.
His truth is marching on. Glory, glory, Hallelujah. As I see the Fourth of July, I could see it.
And I could see South Korea. I could see South Korea. Hallelujah.
I wish you'd just come down here and let me give you a hug. I want to give you a big hug, Lord.
I just want to hug you so bad. Praise the Lord tonight. And His goodness and His mercy passed by him.
Here it is. Go back up. My eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord.
He is trampling out the vintage where the grapes of wrath are stored.
He hath loosed the fateful lightning of His terrible swift sword. His truth is marching on. That's amazing.
I could see the Fourth of July and I couldn't understand, and I could see a red flare.
I could see a red flare and He said, 'Pray about this. You see this?
Pray.'I see the floodgates opening for the revival. Glory, glory.
A rebirthing of America. A rebirthing. A rebirthing, baby. It's concerning the church.
The floodgates for His goodness and His mercy will pass by as you see a shaking to awaken.
I see it's two sides of a coin. You see one side, you can see the other side.
What side do I like better? This side. This side's fun. When I see the other stuff, I give it to you.
And it's heavy. But this is beautiful. Tonight's been beautiful.
It's been refreshing. I appreciate Him. I said, 'Thank you.'But both sides are good, Lord.
I say whatever You want me to say. I just love You. We're so grateful.
Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Glory, Hallelujah. Glory, Hallelujah.
His truth is marching on. Glory, Hallelujah. Glory, Hallelujah.
Glory, Hallelujah. His truth is marching on. Thank You, Lord.
I pray you were blessed tonight. Thank you. But I have a question for you. Do you know my friend?
If you are here tonight and you say, 'Brendan, I've never accepted Jesus Christ or asked Jesus Christ to be my Lord and personal Savior.
Tonight's your night.'Don't click out of this video without inviting Him into your life.
You're not here by accident. You're here by divine design. And tonight's your night of salvation.
Today is the day of salvation. Tonight's your night. Jesus is knocking on the door of your heart right now.
He's saying, 'Will you let me in? Will you let me in? I can change your life.'He'll turn your sorrow into joy.
He'll turn your mourning into gladness. He will make everything new again.
But you've got to invite Him. He is a gentleman and He'll never force His way into your life.
Not one time, not even one inch. He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
But you have to surrender your all to Him. There is a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
And the very shoes you put on today to go to work, the very shoes you put on today to go do whatever you're going to do, the undertaker might be taking them off tonight.
No one is promised tomorrow. All have sinned and come short of the glory. All have sinned. But we have to confess our sins.
And the Bible says if we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us of all unrighteousness.
There is no other way to the Father other than the Lord Jesus Christ.
Muhammad can't save you. Buddha can't save you. No false god can save you.
Only Jesus Christ died for you and rose again on the third day.
And He's at the right hand of the Father making intercession for you right now as we speak.
Tonight's the night of salvation. But I want to ask you, do you know my friend? And if you don't know Him, tonight's your night.
All you have to do is repeat this simple prayer after me and mean it with all your heart.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe You are the Son of God. I believe You died and You rose again on the third day just for me. Tonight, I turn my back on the devil.
Any contracts, any kind of covenants, anything I've said to him, dedicating my life to the devil, I break it.
Tonight's my night. I'm born again. I serve You, Jesus, with all my heart.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life. I believe You are the Son of God.
I believe You died for me and You rose again. Tonight, I dedicate my heart to You.
I dedicate my life to You. From this day forward, I'm all in. I'm Yours and You're mine.
Thank You, Lord, that if I die tonight, I'll be with You in paradise forever.
I thank You, Lord, that as I have confessed my sins before You, I thank You that You're faithful and just to forgive me of my sins.
I'm born again. I'm born again. I'm a new creation created in Christ Jesus.
Amen and amen.'I believe if you just said that prayer, if you just gave it your all and said it with all your heart, I believe you're a born-again Christian now.
What do you do? Go to a Bible-believing church. Tell them, 'I want to be water-baptized.'Get water-baptized.
Get plugged into that church. Come over here and pray with us.
Like, subscribe, and be a part of our YouTube channel. We're excited you're here tonight.
And read your Bible every day and pray. Read your Bible, and it will change you from the inside out.
The Word of God will change you. You will know the truth and the truth will set you free.
So if you don't have a Bible and you would like to have a Bible, we will send you a Bible for free. All you have to do is email us in the description down below.
There's an email address down there and you put your name and your address and where to send it and put in the headline, 'I got born again.
I'd like a free Bible,'and we will send it to you in the United States and we just want to love on you.
We won't solicit you; we'll never ask you for money. We're not asking you for anything.
We just want to say congratulations tonight and that we love you.
We're praying for you. All you have to do is do that, and it's just a simple little thing.
Painless. So, we will ask you to like, subscribe, and be part of our YouTube channel.
We're excited you're here tonight. All to Jesus I surrender, all to Him I freely give.
I will ever love and trust Him, in His presence daily live. I surrender all.
I surrender all. To Thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all.
Sing it again. I surrender all. I surrender all. To Thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all.
I surrender everything to Him tonight. And I pray you did too. Give Him everything.
Give Him all your cares, all your worries, all your pains, all your fears—everything.
Jesus loves you and He has a plan for your life and I'm so pleased that you're here tonight.
Thank you for being a part of this broadcast, our little YouTube channel as we grow and we're so thankful for every single one of you that come out and spend the time with us to pray.
We love you. All of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight—I don't know how many, twenty-three people gave their heart to Jesus Christ.
Welcome to the family, all 23 of you. And I believe there'll be many more that do it in the days ahead.
This will stay forever, for a long time, until YouTube takes it out of the algorithm.
So, we're so thankful for every single one of you. Did you get something out of it tonight?
Did you get blessed? I pray you did. We pray you did. Get refreshed and sit at His feet.
I'm glad I showed up; I'm so glad. We love y'all. I don't know what time it is or whatever, but it doesn't matter.
We just want to close the broadcast by telling you to put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you and we'll see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.